chore(docs): mentioning to delete the cache file (#1350)
pattern-lab/patternlab-node: packages/docs/src/docs/editing-source-files.md

}
```

## Problems after changing the structure

> If you're doing bigger changes especially to the file and folder structure and recognize some errors on the console like e.g. `TypeError: Cannot read property 'render' of undefined` or `Error building BuildFooterHTML`, it's recommended to stop patternlab, delete the cache file `dependencyGraph.json` within the projects root and start patternlab again, as these changes might conflict with the existing cache structures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're doing bigger changes, especially to the file and folder structure, and recognize some errors on the console like, e.g. `TypeError: Cannot read property 'render' of undefined` or `Error building BuildFooterHTML`, it's recommended to stop pattern lab, delete the cache file `dependencyGraph.json` within the root of the project and start pattern lab again, as these changes might conflict with the existing cache structures.
```

Reviewer: For these cases I have now a payed gramma checker 👍
